drug	question	answer
abacavir	If my patient cannot take abacavir due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Emtricitabine;Tenofovir;Lamivudine;Zidovudine;Stavudine;Didanosine
allopurinol	If my patient cannot take allopurinol due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Febuxostat;Probenecid;Pegloticase;Lesinurad
amikacin	If my patient cannot take amikacin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Gentamicin;Tobramycin;Ciprofloxacin;Levofloxacin;Vancomycin;Piperacillin-Tazobactam;Meropenem;Ceftazidime;Colistin;Aztreonam
amitriptyline	If my patient cannot take amitriptyline due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Nortriptyline;Desipramine;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Mirtazapine;Bupropion;Sertraline;Citalopram;Escitalopram;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine
atazanavir	If my patient cannot take atazanavir due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Darunavir;Ritonavir;Lopinavir;Raltegravir;Elvitegravir;Dolutegravir;Bictegravir;Efavirenz;Etravirine;Rilpivirine;Nevirapine;Maraviroc;Enfuvirtide
azathioprine	If my patient cannot take azathioprine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Mycophenolate mofetil;Methotrexate;Cyclosporine;Tacrolimus
capecitabine	If my patient cannot take capecitabine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	5-Fluorouracil;Tegafur;Irinotecan;Oxaliplatin;Cisplatin;Paclitaxel;Docetaxel;Gemcitabine;Methotrexate;Etoposide;Vinorelbine;Bevacizumab;Trastuzumab;Ramucirumab;Cetuximab;Panitumumab
carbamazepine	If my patient cannot take carbamazepine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Oxcarbazepine;Lamotrigine;Valproate;Levetiracetam;Topiramate;Gabapentin;Pregabalin;Lacosamide
citalopram	If my patient cannot take citalopram due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Escitalopram;Sertraline;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Bupropion;Mirtazapine;Vilazodone;Vortioxetine
clomipramine	If my patient cannot take clomipramine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amitriptyline;Nortriptyline;Imipramine;Desipramine;Doxepin;Trimipramine;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine;Sertraline;Citalopram;Escitalopram;Fluvoxamine;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine
clopidogrel	If my patient cannot take clopidogrel due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Aspirin;Prasugrel;Ticagrelor;Cangrelor
codeine	If my patient cannot take codeine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Morphine;Hydromorphone;Oxycodone;Hydrocodone;Fentanyl;Tramadol;Methadone
dapsone	If my patient cannot take dapsone due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole;Clindamycin;Atovaquone;Pentamidine;Primaquine
desflurane	If my patient cannot take desflurane due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Sevoflurane;Isoflurane;Halothane;Enflurane;Propofol;Etomidate;Ketamine;Thiopental
desipramine	If my patient cannot take desipramine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Nortriptyline;Amitriptyline;Imipramine;Doxepin;Clomipramine;Trimipramine;Maprotiline;Protriptyline;Amoxapine;Mirtazapine;Bupropion;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Sertraline;Fluoxetine;Citalopram
dibekacin	If my patient cannot take dibekacin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Gentamicin;Tobramycin;Amikacin;Netilmicin;Streptomycin
doxepin	If my patient cannot take doxepin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amitriptyline;Nortriptyline;Imipramine;Clomipramine;Desipramine;Trimipramine;Protriptyline;Mirtazapine;Trazodone;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine
enflurane	If my patient cannot take enflurane due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Isoflurane;Sevoflurane;Desflurane;Propofol;Ketamine;Etomidate
escitalopram	If my patient cannot take escitalopram due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Sertraline;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine;Citalopram;Venlafaxine;Desvenlafaxine;Duloxetine;Bupropion;Mirtazapine;Vilazodone;Vortioxetine
fluorouracil	If my patient cannot take fluorouracil due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Capecitabine;Tegafur;Irinotecan;Oxaliplatin;Mitomycin;Capecitabine;Gemcitabine;Doxorubicin
fluvastatin	If my patient cannot take fluvastatin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Atorvastatin;Rosuvastatin;Simvastatin;Pravastatin;Pitavastatin;Lovastatin
fosphenytoin	If my patient cannot take fosphenytoin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Carbamazepine;Lamotrigine;Valproic acid;Levetiracetam;Topiramate;Phenobarbital;Zonisamide;Gabapentin;Pregabalin;Lacosamide;Perampanel;Oxcarbazepine
gentamicin	If my patient cannot take gentamicin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Tobramycin;Amikacin;Netilmicin;Kanamycin;Streptomycin;Neomycin;Paromomycin;Spectinomycin
halothane	If my patient cannot take halothane due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Isoflurane;Sevoflurane;Desflurane;Propofol;Etomidate;Ketamine;Thiopental
imipramine	If my patient cannot take imipramine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amitriptyline;Nortriptyline;Desipramine;Clomipramine;Doxepin;Trimipramine;Maprotiline;Protriptyline;Citalopram;Escitalopram;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine;Sertraline;Fluvoxamine;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Mirtazapine;Bupropion
isoflurane	If my patient cannot take isoflurane due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Sevoflurane;Desflurane;Propofol;Etomidate;Ketamine;Nitrous Oxide;Thiopental
ivacaftor	If my patient cannot take ivacaftor due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Lumacaftor;Tezacaftor;Elexacaftor
kanamycin	If my patient cannot take kanamycin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amikacin;Gentamicin;Tobramycin;Streptomycin;Doxycycline;Linezolid;Moxifloxacin;Ciprofloxacin;Clindamycin;Erythromycin
lovastatin	If my patient cannot take lovastatin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Atorvastatin;Rosuvastatin;Pravastatin;Fluvastatin;Pitavastatin
meloxicam	If my patient cannot take meloxicam due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Aspirin;Ibuprofen;Naproxen;Diclofenac;Celecoxib;Indomethacin;Etodolac;Piroxicam;Sulindac
methoxyflurane	If my patient cannot take methoxyflurane due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Isoflurane;Sevoflurane;Desflurane;Halothane;Nitrous Oxide
methylene blue	If my patient cannot take methylene blue due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Riboflavin;Cyanocobalamin;Glucose
neomycin	If my patient cannot take neomycin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Paromomycin;Vancomycin;Metronidazole;Rifaximin
netilmicin	If my patient cannot take netilmicin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Gentamicin;Tobramycin;Amikacin;Streptomycin;Neomycin;Kanamycin
nitrofurantoin	If my patient cannot take nitrofurantoin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole;Fosfomycin;Ciprofloxacin;Levofloxacin;Amoxicillin-clavulanate;Cefuroxime;Cefdinir;Cefpodoxime;Cefixime
nortriptyline	If my patient cannot take nortriptyline due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amitriptyline;Desipramine;Doxepin;Imipramine;Protriptyline;Trimipramine;SSRIs;SNRIs;Bupropion;Mirtazapine
ondansetron	If my patient cannot take ondansetron due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Granisetron;Dolasetron;Palonosetron;Metoclopramide;Prochlorperazine;Promethazine;Haloperidol;Aprepitant;Rolapitant;Netupitant;Fosaprepitant;Dexamethasone
oxcarbazepine	If my patient cannot take oxcarbazepine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Carbamazepine;Lamotrigine;Levetiracetam;Topiramate;Valproate;Gabapentin;Pregabalin
paromomycin	If my patient cannot take paromomycin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Metronidazole;Iodoquinol;Diloxanide furoate
paroxetine	If my patient cannot take paroxetine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Fluoxetine;Sertraline;Citalopram;Escitalopram;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Bupropion;Mirtazapine;Vilazodone;Vortioxetine
pegloticase	If my patient cannot take pegloticase due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Allopurinol;Febuxostat;Probenecid;Lesinurad;Colchicine
phenytoin	If my patient cannot take phenytoin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Valproic acid;Carbamazepine;Lamotrigine;Levetiracetam;Topiramate;Oxcarbazepine;Gabapentin;Pregabalin;Lacosamide;Zonisamide
piroxicam	If my patient cannot take piroxicam due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Aspirin;Ibuprofen;Naproxen;Celecoxib;Diclofenac;Meloxicam;Suldinac;Etodolac;Ketoprofen;Indomethacin
plazomicin	If my patient cannot take plazomicin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amikacin;Gentamicin;Tobramycin;Ceftazidime;Cefepime;Meropenem;Piperacillin/Tazobactam;Levofloxacin;Ciprofloxacin
primaquine	If my patient cannot take primaquine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Chloroquine;Hydroxychloroquine;Atovaquone-proguanil;Doxycycline;Mefloquine;Artemether-lumefantrine
rasburicase	If my patient cannot take rasburicase due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Allopurinol;Febuxostat
ribostamycin	If my patient cannot take ribostamycin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Gentamicin;Streptomycin;Tobramycin;Amikacin;Kanamycin;Neomycin
sertraline	If my patient cannot take sertraline due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Fluoxetine;Citalopram;Escitalopram;Paroxetine;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Bupropion;Mirtazapine;Vilazodone;Vortioxetine
sevoflurane	If my patient cannot take sevoflurane due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Desflurane;Isoflurane;Propofol;Thiopental;Etomidate;Ketamine;Midazolam
simvastatin	If my patient cannot take simvastatin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Atorvastatin;Rosuvastatin;Pravastatin;Fluvastatin;Pitavastatin
streptomycin	If my patient cannot take streptomycin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Gentamicin;Tobramycin;Amikacin;Kanamycin;Neomycin
succinylcholine	If my patient cannot take succinylcholine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Rocuronium;Vecuronium;Atracurium;Cisatracurium;Mivacurium;Pancuronium
tafenoquine	If my patient cannot take tafenoquine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Primaquine;Chloroquine;Mefloquine;Doxycycline;Atovaquone-proguanil
tamoxifen	If my patient cannot take tamoxifen due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Anastrozole;Letrozole;Exemestane;Fulvestrant
tenoxicam	If my patient cannot take tenoxicam due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Ibuprofen;Naproxen;Diclofenac;Meloxicam;Celecoxib;Etoricoxib;Piroxicam;Indomethacin;Ketoprofen;Flurbiprofen
tobramycin	If my patient cannot take tobramycin due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Gentamicin;Amikacin;Streptomycin;Ciprofloxacin;Levofloxacin;Moxifloxacin;Azithromycin;Clarithromycin;Doxycycline;Minocycline
toluidine blue	If my patient cannot take toluidine blue due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Methylene Blue;Indocyanine Green;Fluorescein
tramadol	If my patient cannot take tramadol due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Acetaminophen;Ibuprofen;Naproxen;Diclofenac;Gabapentin;Pregabalin;Amitriptyline;Nortriptyline;Duloxetine;Venlafaxine;Morphine;Hydromorphone;Oxycodone;Fentanyl
trimipramine	If my patient cannot take trimipramine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Amitriptyline;Nortriptyline;Imipramine;Desipramine;Doxepin;Clomipramine;Protriptyline;Maprotiline;Mirtazapine;Trazodone;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Bupropion;Fluoxetine;Sertraline;Paroxetine;Citalopram;Escitalopram
tropisetron	If my patient cannot take tropisetron due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Granisetron;Ondansetron;Dolasetron;Palonosetron
venlafaxine	If my patient cannot take venlafaxine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Citalopram;Escitalopram;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine;Sertraline;Bupropion;Mirtazapine;Duloxetine
voriconazole	If my patient cannot take voriconazole due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Posaconazole;Isavuconazonium;Itraconazole;Fluconazole
vortioxetine	If my patient cannot take vortioxetine due to their pharmacogenetics, what are all of the alternative drugs they can take? Please respond with nothing but drug names, separated by only ';'. For example: Aspirin;Ibuprofen. No additional text is needed	Sertraline;Fluoxetine;Paroxetine;Citalopram;Escitalopram;Venlafaxine;Duloxetine;Desvenlafaxine;Bupropion;Mirtazapine;Vilazodone;Buspirone;Trazodone;Nefazodone;Amitriptyline;Nortriptyline;Imipramine;Clomipramine
