question	category	is_misspecified	answer
"What SNPs are in the allele definition for QSTG1 reference (C)? Provide a dbSNP ID (also known as an rsID, starting with rs) when available or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_def	TRUE	
"What SNPs are in the allele definition for CYP2C19 reference (C)? Provide a dbSNP ID (also known as an rsID, starting with rs) when available or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_def	TRUE	
"What SNPs are in the allele definition for APOE *2/*2 reference (C)? Provide a dbSNP ID (also known as an rsID, starting with rs) when available or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_def	TRUE	
"What SNPs are in the allele definition for UGT2B7*2/*2 reference (rs7439366) ? Provide a dbSNP ID (also known as an rsID, starting with rs) when available or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_def	TRUE	
"What SNPs are in the allele definition for *2/*2 reference (C)? Provide a dbSNP ID (also known as an rsID, starting with rs) when available or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_def	TRUE	
Which drugs have actionable CPIC guidelines for QSTG1? Please respond with nothing but a list of generic drug names delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	gene_to_drugs	TRUE	
Which drugs have actionable CPIC guidelines for UGT2B7? Please respond with nothing but a list of generic drug names delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	gene_to_drugs	TRUE	
Which drugs have actionable CPIC guidelines for APOE? Please respond with nothing but a list of generic drug names delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	gene_to_drugs	TRUE	
"What is the pharmacogenetic phenotype for QSTG1 *99/*99? Please select the answer from the following choices: {'Indeterminate', 'Intermediate Metabolizer', 'Poor Metabolizer', 'Normal Metabolizer'}, and respond with only your selection or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	diplotype_to_phenotype	TRUE	
"What is the pharmacogenetic phenotype for CYP2C19 *99/*99? Please select the answer from the following choices: {'Indeterminate', 'Intermediate Metabolizer', 'Poor Metabolizer', 'Normal Metabolizer'}, and respond with only your selection or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	diplotype_to_phenotype	TRUE	
"What is the pharmacogenetic phenotype for CYP2C19 *1? Please select the answer from the following choices: {'Indeterminate', 'Intermediate Metabolizer', 'Poor Metabolizer', 'Normal Metabolizer'}, and respond with only your selection or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	diplotype_to_phenotype	TRUE	
"What is the pharmacogenetic phenotype for APOEe4? Please select the answer from the following choices: {'Indeterminate', 'Intermediate Metabolizer', 'Poor Metabolizer', 'Normal Metabolizer'}, and respond with only your selection or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	diplotype_to_phenotype	TRUE	
I want to give my patient vitanolix. What genes should I include in a pharmacogenetics panel? Please respond with nothing but a list of gene symbols delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	drug_to_genes	TRUE	
I want to give my patient gabapentin. What genes should I include in a pharmacogenetics panel? Please respond with nothing but a list of gene symbols delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	drug_to_genes	TRUE	
What genes have actionable pharmacogenetic guidelines for vitanolix? Please respond with nothing but a list of gene symbols delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	drug_to_genes	TRUE	
What genes have actionable pharmacogenetic guidelines for gabapentin? Please respond with nothing but a list of gene symbols delimited by ';' or answer UNKNOWN if unknown.	drug_to_genes	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency for CYP2C19 *1? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency for QSTG1 reference (C)? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency for APOEe4? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency for CYP2C19 *1? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African American/Afro-Caribbean population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African American population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African Central/South Asian population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African European population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African East Asian population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African Latino population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African Near Eastern population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of QSTG1 reference (C) in the African Sub-Saharan African population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African American/Afro-Caribbean population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African American population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African Central/South Asian population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African European population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African East Asian population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African Latino population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African Near Eastern population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	
"What is the average allele frequency of APOEe4 in the African Sub-Saharan African population? Respond with just a number, rounded to 4 decimal places, with no additional text answer or answer UNKNOWN if unknown."	allele_freq	TRUE	