question	response
Are there any PGx biomarkers I can use to guide methadone dosing?	The evidence for the association of methadone and candidate genes CYP2D6, COMT, and OPRM1 is at level C as assigned by CPIC, which means the published studies contain mostly weak evidence and clinical actions are unclear. Therefore, there are no clinical recommendations regarding dose modification for methadone based on PGx markers.
Which patient populations is testing for HLA-B *58:01 important and which drugs are impacted?	HLA-B *58:01 is associated with the risk of severe cutaneous adverse reaction (SCAR) with allopurinol. This allele is most commonly found in individuals of Asian descent (>10%) including Chinese, Taiwanese, Thai, Malaysian, and Indian. It can be found in African ancestry populations at a rate of 5-10%, and 1-5% of Japanese, Korean, South American, and European populations. Although the allele can appear in any population, and individuals of all populations may benefit from testing, the 2020 American College of Rheumatology Guidelines for Management of Gout specifically encourages testing for the HLA-B*58:01 allele in selected subpopulations with elevated frequency of the allele and risk for allopurinol hypersensitivity syndrome (individuals of Korean descent with stage 3 or worse chronic kidney disease, and those of Han-Chinese or Thai descent) prior to initiation of the drug. The FDA label also recommends testing for HLA-B 5801 in at risk populations prior to starting the drug. “The HLA-B*58:01 allele is a genetic marker for severe skin reactions indicative of hypersensitivity to allopurinol. Patients who carry the HLA-B*58:01 allele are at a higher risk of allopurinol hypersensitivity syndrome (AHS), but hypersensitivity reactions have been reported in patients who do not carry this allele. The frequency of this allele is higher in individuals of African, Asian (e.g., Han Chinese, Korean, Thai), and Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander ancestry. Prior to starting allopurinol, consider testing for the HLA-B*58:01 allele. The use of allopurinol is not recommended in HLA-B*58:01 positive patients unless the benefits clearly outweigh the risks.”
I would like to start my patient on an selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) for anxiety, are there any pgx tests I can order to help me guide therapy?	Based on the CPIC guidelines, genes that are known to affect SSRI metabolism are CYP2C19, CYP2D6, and CYP2B6. CYP2B6 and CYP2C19 affects the metabolism of sertraline. CYP2D6 affects the metabolism of paroxetine, fluvoxamine and vortioxetine.  CYP2C19 affects the metabolism of citalopram and escitalopram.
My patient had PGx testing done and said they are a CYP2C19 poor metabolizer but I want to prescribe clopidogrel. What is the interaction?	Clopidogrel is a prodrug and must be metabolized by CYP2C19 into the active form, clopidogrel thiol H4, in order to irreversibly bind to platelet P2Y12 receptors and prevent clot formation. Per the current CPIC guidelines, patients who are CYP2C19 poor metabolizers have significantly reduced CYP2C19 activity, and should avoid clopidogrel if possible due to increased risk of adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events.
My patient had PGx testing done and they have SLCO1B1 decreased function. Can they still get a statin?	A patient with SLCO1B1 decreased function phenotype has higher systemic statin exposure, which may increase their risk of myopathy. However this does not mean a patient should completely avoid statin therapy. Based on the current CPIC guidelines, the dosing recommendations for each statin in patients who have decreased SLCO1B1 function are as follows: Atorvastatin - Prescribe ≤40 mg as a starting dose and adjust doses of atorvastatin based on disease-specific guidelines. Prescriber should be aware of possible increased risk for myopathy especially for 40- mg dose. If dose >40 mg needed for desired efficacy, consider combination therapy (i.e., atorvastatin plus nonstatin guideline- directed medical therapy; Fluvastatin - Prescribe desired starting dose and adjust doses of fluvastatin based on disease- specific guidelines. Prescriber should be aware of possible increased risk for myopathy especially for doses >40 mg per day; Lovastatin - Prescribe an alternative statin depending on the desired potency (see Figure 1 for recommendations for alternative statins). If lovastatin therapy is warranted, limit dose to ≤20 mg/day
My patient underwent a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) and I want to prescribe clopidogrel. They had pharmacogenetic testing and are a CYP2C19 rapid metabolizer (*1/*17).  Do they need a different dose of clopidogrel from the standard 75 mg daily?	Clopidogrel is converted to its active metabolite in the liver by cytochrome P450 enzymes, particularly CYP2C19. The CYP2C19 *17 allele has increased function. One normal function allele and one increased function allele results in a rapid metabolizer. Although rapid metabolizers could have lower on-treatment platelet reactivity while be treated with clopidogrel compared to someone who is a normal metabolizer, there is not enough clinical evidence to recommend a dose different from standard dosing. 
My patient recently had multi-gene pharmacogenetic testing performed. They are concerned because their results show them to be a UGT1A1 poor metabolizer and they are taking atazanavir. They have been taking a regimen with atazanavir for the past year that has been working well and without any side effects. Should I switch them to a different medication?	Atazanavir inhibits UGT1A1-mediated glucuronidation of bilirubin and therefore can increase plasma indirect bilirubin concentrations. UGT1A1 poor metabolizers have a high likelihood of discontinuing atazanavir due to experiencing jaundice. Since the patient is doing well on this therapy and has not experienced jaundice, switching to a different regimen is not indicated at this time. The patient should be advised of the higher likelihood of jaundice in patients who are UGT1A1 poor metabolizers and are taking atazanavir in the case that this is a concern for them.
A patient was planned to start on tramadol for pain management, but it is noted in their chart that they are CYP2D6 poor metabolizer. I’m not too familiar with Pgx testing, could I get guidance on how that would impact their tramadol treatment?	Patient’s poor metabolizer results indicates that they have less CYPD26 enzymes to convert tramadol (Pro-drug) into its active metabolite, o-desmethyltramadol, therefore tramadol treatment would not be an effective analgesic for this patient’s pain. CPIC guidelines recommend alternative opioid medication such as oxycodone, hydromorphone, or morphine.
A CYP3A5 poor metabolizer patient and receiving a liver transplant, what tacrolimus adjustment would be appropriate for them?	Typically, with other CYP enzymes, an extensive metabolizer would be classified as a “normal” metabolizer, and, therefore, the drug dose would not change based on the patient’s genotype. However, in the case of CYP3A5 and tacrolimus, a CYP3A5 expresser (i.e., CYP3A5 extensive metabolizer or intermediate metabolizer) would require a higher recommended starting dose and the CYP3A5 nonexpresser (i.e., poor metabolizer) would require the standard recommended starting dose. Thus, for this patient that is “poor metabolizer”, CPIC guidelines recommend initiating standard dosing and titrating based on therapeutic levels.
